So far you've generated the particles and simulated motion.
Now you should assign any importance weight to each one of the generated particles.
At each time step,
the robot is rotating and moving forward into the map and sensing the landmarks position.
These are the actual measurements denoted by Z.
In order to assign weight to each particle,
you need to compare the measurements of
each particle also known by a predicted measurement,
to the actual or what measurement.
The mismatch between the actual measurements of
the robot and the predicted measurements of each particle,
is known as the Particles Importance Weight.
The larger the weight the more important the particle is and the more
likely it is to represent the robot's actual position.
In this quiz, you'll generate a weight vector
which holds the weight values of the 1000 particles.
While you were busy learning,
I rotated the robot,
move it forward, and then stored the measurement values in a Z vector.
The Z vector now holds eight different values,
each of which represents
the actual distance of the robot toward one of the eight landmarks.
Also, I've included a measurement probability function,
which takes the actual measurement vector and compares it to the predicted one.
This function will compute the probability of how
close the predicted measurements are to the actual ones.
Note that noise is always added to the measurements.
Now go ahead and code the importance weight,
right after the block of code where it generated particles and simulated motion.